everybody's Brian I'm out here on a
really ideal day for test-flying HK
250gt with my newest on GA 250 gyro a
couple days ago I put out a video just
showing some of the basics of this
Jerell and notice the little tail kick
from the left hand now we're gonna see
how it holds up under my very limited 3d
repertoire so let's have a look and see
how flies ma'el le we can do not an
ideal turn but
you
not super saw
I'm gonna tick-tock there
ah you know what I'm okay with that
I got a bit of vibration the day
no I have something definitely going on
today
try the left Carl's again a little bit
of a hang break
little bit of a tail kick there as I
came around the top sort of a rainbow
I was a left arrow turn no problems
okay for the girls I hang out with I
think this is all right yeah happy with
this something there seems to be a form
of debilitating vibe someplace on my
helicopter I have to deal with I go
ahead and say I like this gyro
alright let's put her down
all right I hope you can see that looked
like it held well enough for the type of
stuff I do and for $10
I'll just don't fly my 500 this morning
as well and there's no comparison I mean
a bigger helicopter I'm using a Spartan
760 on that on that heli but for the
amount of money I've got put in this I
don't want to spend a lot of money on on
it essentially that's the beauty of this
HK 250gt is that I'm not afraid to crash
it I can just bombing around and if it
hits the ground great and putting a $10
Charles $110 on it that makes all the
difference to me so it gives me I'm
gonna give it sort of a semi thumbs up
how's that sound
yeah I know if you could see but I did a
little stall turn with a left would it
be a 180 plus 360 so 720 gyro I did a
little stall turn there with a 720 left
turn and it stopped just fine it's
really a lot of do with how you come out
of it with the thumbs but in real life
it seemed to hold up really well so this
is Brian and that's the asan GA 250 gyro
and thanks for watching